Clay Sanskrit Library
http://www.claysanskritlibrary.org/volumes_all.php

The Bawd’s Counsel (Kuṭṭanīmata)
by Dāmodaragupta.
Csaba Dezső & Dominic Goodall.

“A Bawd’s Life” and “The Ornamental Onion” (Samayamātṛkā & Palāṇḍumaṇḍana)
by Kṣemendra & Harijīvanamiśra.
Isabelle Onians.

Bhatti’s Poem: The Death of Rávana (Bhaṭṭikāvya)
by Bhaṭṭi.
Oliver Fallon. 2009.

The Birth of Kumára (Kumārasaṃbhava)
by Kālidāsa.
David Smith.  Foreword by U.R. Ananthamurthy
(To be published in the second edition). 2005.

“Bouquet of Rasa” and “River of Rasa” (Rasamañjarī & Rasataraṅgiṇī)
by Bhānudatta.
Sheldon I. Pollock. 2009.

The Deeds of King Harsha (Harṣacarita)
by Bāṇa.
Robert A. Hueckstedt.

The Emperor of the Sorcerers (volume one) (Bṛhatkathāślokasaṃgraha)
by Budhasvāmin.
Sir James Mallinson. 2005.

The Emperor of the Sorcerers (volume two) (Bṛhatkathāślokasaṃgraha)
by Budhasvāmin.
Sir James Mallinson. 2005.

The Epitome of Queen Lilávati (volume one) (Līlāvatīsāra)
by Jinaratna.
R.C.C. Fynes. 2005.

The Epitome of Queen Lilávati (volume two) (Līlāvatīsāra)
by Jinaratna.
R.C.C. Fynes. 2006.

Five Discourses on Worldly Wisdom (Pañcatantra)
by Viṣṇuśarman.
Patrick Olivelle. 2006.

“Friendly Advice” and “King Víkrama’s Adventures” (Hitopadeśa & Vikramacarita)
by Nārāyaṇa.
Judit Törzsök. 2007.

Garland of the Buddha’s Past Lives (volume one of two) (Jātakamālā)
by Āryaśūra.
Justin Meiland. 2009.

Garland of the Buddha’s Past Lives (volume two of two) (Jātakamālā)
by Āryaśūra.
Justin Meiland.

Garland of the Buddha's Past Lives (Volume 2)
by Aryashura (Author),
Justin Meiland (Translator). 

Gita·govínda: Love Songs of Radha and Krishna (Gītagovindakāvya)
by Jayadeva.
Lee Siegel. Foreword by Sudipta Kaviraj. 2009.

Handsome Nanda (Saundarananda)
by Aśvaghoṣa.
Linda Covill. 2007.

Heavenly Exploits (Buddhist Biographies from the Dívyavadána) (Divyāvadāna)
Joel Tatelman. 2005.

How Úrvashi Was Won (Vikramorvaśīya)
by Kālidāsa.
Velcheru Narayana Rao & David Shulman. 2009.

“How the Nagas Were Pleased” and “The Shattered Thighs” (Nāgānanda & Ūrubhaṅga)
by Harṣa and Bhāsa.
Andrew Skilton. 2009.

The Hunter and the Hero (Kirātārjunīya) by Bhāravi.
Indira Peterson.

In the Court of King Bhoja (Bhojaprabandha)
by Ballāla.
Gary Tubb.

“The Lady of the Jewel Necklace” and “The Lady Who Shows Her Love” (Ratnāvalī & Priyadarśikā)
by Harṣa.
Wendy Doniger. Foreword by Anita Desai (To be published in the second edition). 2007.

Life of the Buddha (Buddhacarita) by Aśvaghoṣa.
Patrick Olivelle. 2008.

The Little Clay Cart (Mṛcchakaṭikā) by Śūdraka.
Diwakar Acharya. Foreword by Partha Chatterjee. 2009.

Love Lyrics (Amaruśataka, Śatakatraya & Caurapañcāśikā) by Amaru, Bhartṛhari & Bilhaṇa.
Greg Bailey & Richard Gombrich. 2005.

Lyrical Verse Explained (Gāthāsaptaśatīsāra, Bhāvadīpikā & Dhvanigāthāpañjikā)
Somadeva Vasudeva.

Málati and Mádhava (Mālatīmādhava) by Bhavabhūti.
Michael Coulson.

Málavika and Agni·mitra (Mālavikāgnimitram) by Kālidāsa.
Dániel Balogh & Eszter Somogyi.

The Magical Vine of the Bodhi·sattva’s Many Lives (Bodhisattvāvadānakalpalatā) by Kṣemendra.
Isabelle Onians.

Maha·bhárata I: The Beginning (volume one of three) (Ādiparvan)
Adam Bowles.

Maha·bhárata I: The Beginning (volume two of three) (Ādiparvan)
Paul Wilmot.

Maha·bhárata I: The Beginning (volume three of three) (Ādiparvan)
Simon Brodbeck.

Maha·bhárata II: The Great Hall (Sabhāparvan)
Paul Wilmot. 2006.

Maha·bhárata III: The Forest (volume one of four) (Vanaparvan)
William J. Johnson.

Maha·bhárata III: The Forest (volume two of four) (Vanaparvan)
Justin Meiland.

Maha·bhárata III: The Forest (volume three of four) (Vanaparvan)
.

Maha·bhárata III: The Forest (volume four of four) (Vanaparvan)
William J. Johnson. 2005.

Maha·bhárata IV: Viráta (Virāṭaparvan)
Kathleen Garbutt. 2007.

Maha·bhárata V: Preparations for War (volume one of two) (Udyogaparvan)
Kathleen Garbutt. Foreword by Gurcharan Das. 2008.

Maha·bhárata V: Preparations for War (volume two of two) (Udyogaparvan)
Kathleen Garbutt. 2008.

Maha·bhárata VI: Bhishma (volume one of two) Including the “Bhagavad Gita” in Context (Bhīṣmaparvan)
Alex Cherniak. Foreword by Ranajit Guha. 2008.

Maha·bhárata VI: Bhishma (volume two of two) (Bhīṣmaparvan)
Alex Cherniak. 2009.

Maha·bhárata VII: Drona (volume one of four) (Droṇaparvan)
Vaughan Pilikian. 2006.

Maha·bhárata VII: Drona (volume two of four) (Droṇaparvan)
Vaughan Pilikian.

Maha·bhárata VII: Drona (volumes three to four of four) (Droṇaparvan)
Vaughan Pilikian.

Maha·bhárata VIII: Karna (volume one of two) (Karṇaparvan)
Adam Bowles. 2007.

Maha·bhárata VIII: Karna (volume two of two) (Karṇaparvan)
Adam Bowles. 2008.

Maha·bhárata IX: Shalya (volume one of two) (Śalyaparvan)
Justin Meiland. 2005.

Maha·bhárata IX: Shalya (volume two of two) (Śalyaparvan)
Justin Meiland. 2007.

Maha·bhárata X-XI: Dead of Night & The Women (Sauptikaparvan & Strīparvan)
Kate Crosby.

Maha·bhárata XII Peace (volumes one & two of five) (Śāntiparvan)
Kate Crosby.

Maha·bhárata XII: Peace: “The Book of Liberation” (volume three of five) (Śāntiparvan, Mokṣadharma)
Alexander Wynne. 2009.

Maha·bhárata XII: Peace: “The Book of Liberation” (volumes four to five of five) (Śāntiparvan, Mokṣadharma)
Alexander Wynne.

Maha·bhárata XIII: Good Counsel (three volumes) (Anuśāsanaparvan)
Andrew Skilton.

Maha·bhárata XIV: The Horse Sacrifice (Āśvamedhikaparvan)
Greg Bailey.

Maha·bhárata XV-XVIII: Final Departures (Āśramavāsikaparvan, Mausalaparvan, Mahāprasthānikaparvan & Svargārohaṇaparvan)
Tamar Reich.

Mahabharata, Books 10-11: Dead of Night / The Women Kate Crosby (Translator).

Mahabharata Book Seven (Volume 2): Drona (Clay Sanskrit Library) [Hardcover] Vaughan Pilikian (Translator).

Malavika and Agnimitra by Kali dasa (Author) , Daniel Balogh (Translator) , Eszter Somogyi (Translator).

Messenger Poems (Meghadūta, Pavanadūta & Haṃsadūta) by Kālidāsa, Dhoyī, and Rūpa Gosvāmin.
Sir James Mallinson. 2006.

Moonlight of Glory (Kīrttikaumudī) by Someśvaradeva.
Somadeva Vasudeva.

Much Ado About Religion (Āgamaḍambara) by Bhaṭṭa Jayanta.
Csaba Dezső. 2005.

Nava·sahasánka and the Serpent Princess (Navasāhasāṅkacarita) by Padmagupta.
Somadeva Vasudeva.

The Ocean of the Rivers of Story (volume one of seven) (Kathāsaritsāgara) by Somadeva.
Sir James Mallinson. 2007.

The Ocean of the Rivers of Story (volume two of seven) (Kathāsaritsāgara) by Somadeva.
Sir James Mallinson. 2009.

The Ocean of the Rivers of Story (volume three to seven of seven) (Kathāsaritsāgara) by Somadeva.
Sir James Mallinson.

The Parrot’s Seventy Tales (Śukasaptati) by Cintāmaṇi Bhaṭṭa.
Csaba Dezső.

Princess Kadámbari (volume one of three) (Kādambarī) by Bāṇa.
David Smith.

Princess Kadámbari (volumes two and three of three) (Kādambarī) by Bāṇa.
David Smith.

Princess Kadambari by Bana (Author),
David Smith (Translator).

The Quartet of Causeries (Caturbhāṇī (Pādatāḍitaka, Ubhayābhisārikā, Padmaprābhṛtaka & Dhūrtaviṭasaṃvādaḥ)) by Śyāmilaka, Vararuci, Śūdraka & Īśvaradatta.
Csaba Dezső & Somadeva Vasudeva. 2009.

Rákshasa’s Ring (Mudrārākṣasa) by Viśākhadatta.
Michael Coulson. Foreword by Romila Thapar (To be published in the second edition). 2005.

Raghu’s Lineage (two volumes) (Raghuvaṃśa) by Kālidāsa.
Dominic Goodall & Harunaga Isaacson.

Ramáyana I: Boyhood (Bālakāṇḍa) by Vālmīki.
Robert P. Goldman. Foreword by Amartya Sen (To be published in the second edition). 2005.

Ramáyana II: Ayódhya (Ayodhyākāṇḍa) by Vālmīki.
Sheldon I. Pollock. 2005.

Ramáyana III: The Forest (Araṇyakāṇḍa) by Vālmīki.
Sheldon I. Pollock. 2006.

Ramáyana IV: Kishkíndha (Kiṣkindhākāṇḍa) by Vālmīki.
Rosalind Lefeber. 2005.

Ramáyana V: Súndara (Sundarakāṇḍa) by Vālmīki.
Robert P. Goldman & Sally J. Sutherland Goldman. 2006.

Ramáyana VI: War (two volumes) (Yuddhakāṇḍa) by Vālmīki.
Robert P. Goldman & Sally J. Sutherland Goldman.

Ramáyana VII: The Final Chapter (Uttarakāṇḍa) by Vālmīki.
Sally J. Sutherland Goldman.

Rama’s Last Act (Uttararāmacarita) by Bhavabhūti.
Sheldon I. Pollock. Foreword by Girish Karnad. 2007.

Rama Beyond Price (Anargharāghava) by Murāri.
Judit Törzsök. 2006.

The Recognition of Shakúntala (Abhijñānaśākuntala) by Kālidāsa.
Somadeva Vasudeva. 2006.

The Rise of Wisdom Moon (Prabodhacandrodaya) by Kṛṣṇamiśra.
Matthew Kapstein. Foreword by J.N. Mohanty.

The Rise of Wisdom Moon by Krishna mishra (Author),
Matthew Kapstein (Translator), J. N. Mohanty (Foreword).

“Self-Surrender,” “Peace,” “Compassion,” and “The Mission of the Goose”: Poems and Prayers from South India (Ātmārpaṇastuti, Śāntivilāsa, Dayāśataka, & Haṃsasaṃdeśa) by Appayya Dīkṣita, Nīlakaṇṭha Dīkṣita, Vedānta Deśika.
Yigal Bronner & David Shulman. Foreword by Gieve Patel. 2009.

Seven Hundred Elegant Verses (Āryāsaptaśatī) by Govardhana.
Friedhelm Hardy.

Seven Hundred Elegant Verses Govardhana Govardhana (Author),
Friedhelm Hardy (Translator).

The Slaying of Shishu·pala (Śiśupālavadha) by Māgha.
Paul Dundas.

Three Satires (Kaliviḍambana, Kalāvilāsa & Bhallaṭaśataka) by Nīlakaṇṭha, Kṣemendra, and Bhallaṭa.
Somadeva Vasudeva. Foreword by Mani Shankar Aiyar (To be published in the second edition). 2005.

Triumph of Shiva (Haravijaya) by Ratnākara.
David Smith.

Twenty-four Chronicles (two volumes) (Caturviṃśatiprabandha) by Merutuṅga.
Somadeva Vasudeva.

What Ten Young Men Did (Daśakumāracarita) by Daṇḍin.
Isabelle Onians. Foreword by Kiran Nagarkar (To be published in the second edition). 2005.
